And it's not easy to manage.
When incited, it will cause trouble
Your concerns are also valid
But this is the task given by the commander
We can't help but do it.
This disaster food is coming soon
Report then.
mayor
Disaster food in the province
He was robbed by Zhang Deshuai's men
What!
What do you do? You don't see good things.
Zhang Deshuai turned into a bandit
We didn't pay attention for a while
So the teacher
What do you think we should do about this?
You go down first
It is the teacher who wants to insult us and go to the Dayangshan Theory
If you don't believe Zhang Dashuai, you won't return the food.
We have no evidence
What to sue
Forget it, I'll solve the food problem
I'll think about it and arrange it later.
how
There is one more thing to discuss today
More and more of us
I plan to purchase a batch of weapons
And it is the most advanced road division commander
This is not easy to handle
This advanced weapon is in the hands of foreigners
They don't sell it to us either.
Even if the teacher is Dayuan Shan, he deals with foreigners
Nothing serious.
The best weapon we can buy
It is also the batch eliminated by foreigners
I don't want eliminated weapons
I only use the most advanced
I don't think they are foreigners
That's a good one.
But foreigners start from the ground after all
After all, they don't want to be enemies.
What you said seems to make sense
Why don't we buy weapons?
Just directly rob him of the foreigners' attacks and killings
How about the mayor?
Are you kidding me?
We can't even buy weapons
Also buy a factory
How is that possible?
And how much will thatsetmeback?
Yeah, buy a factory that avoids closing down.
Do you need to buy silver?
Is this money enough to buy a foreigner's project?